What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
Because without creating an instance of git in the folder it won't be a repository, it would be just a folder without the .git file
How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
It offers an intermediate step to actually know what logical change we are about to make a commit of it
How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
by using the command git diff -u --staged you can actually see which files have been changed by comparing them to the ones from the last commit, so by cheching the differences you can realize how many logical changes you have made and have a better visual control of this situation
What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
when you are making an experimental feature it can provides you a new environment to work creating a new workline for that specific environment
How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
It gives you an visual perspective of how the commits interact within each branch, you can know exactly at what snapchot of your program you actually are
What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
It represents how the commits of two branches merge and the timeline of these commits
What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
The pros are that Git automatically creates the branch so you have to specify anything, only if there is a conflict, you have solve it in order to proceed merging
it add  |    Add a file to the staging area
git commit  |    Commit the files from the staging area to the repository 
git status  |    Show which files are in the staging area, and which files from the working directory are not part of the repository    
git diff  |    Git diff without arguments is comparing the working directory with the staging area
git diff --staged  |    Compare the staging area with the repository
git reset --hard  |    Undo all changes! There is no rollback for this, so be carefull!
git checkout master  |    Restore the "Head" to the latest check-in (this will be part of a later lesson/module)
git log --graph --oneline <branch1> <branch2>  |    Show a visual representation of the commit history within different branches
git checkout -b new_branch_name  |    Creates a new branch and do a checkout on this branch in one call instead of git branch new_branch_name and git checkout new_branch_name
git merge branch1 branch2  |    Merge two branches, branch2 get merged into branch1
git branch -d name  |    Remove the branch with the specified name
git show commitId  |    Show the changes made in this commit compared to the previous version. This is working even after merging.

